Add documentation for provider and service description files (#290)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Reference/Core_Areas_and_APIs/Apps_and_MW/Accounts_and_SSO/README.md

There are plans to move away from Accounts&SSO and instead implement an accounts framework specifically for Sailfish OS. It would consist of a lightweight API layer which uses private DBus connections to talk to a central accounts daemon. That accounts daemon would be responsible for servicing requests made via DBus, enforcing per-application access controls, secure storage, and OAuth2 token management and refreshing.

Currently, no concrete roadmap for this work has yet been defined. Contributions are welcome.

### Account plugins

> New account types can be added to the system via plugins. A plugin should describe the services it provides using [description files](Providers_and_Services/).

Reviewer: This is a bit hidden and at least we can link to Providers_and_Services as needed. Like you said, would be cool to have move levels in the navigation bar to make this kind of topics more visible.

> New account types can be added to the system via plugins. A plugin should describe the services it provides using [description files](Providers_and_Services/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New account types can be added to the system via plugins. A plugin describes the services it provides using [description files](Providers_and_Services/).
```
